So StrictMode, they introduced
this like with React 16 or 17 or
something like that
might have been earlier.
I don't remember.
But the idea here is, if you put your
app into a StrictMode, it will add
additional checks that basically help
you future-proof your application.
So they'll put things that don't
allow you to do things that would
not be compatible with,
like the future React batching mode and
the future suspense rendering and
things like that.
So it makes it kind of a little bit more
stringent in terms of the requirements
of how you're able to accomplish things.
But the end result is your
app is more future-proof,
it's gonna be more compatible
with the next release of React.
That makes sense?
So it's not gonna be a good fit for
everyone's application.
So the way we can do it now,
just so you can see it,
nothing we're doing today will cause
us to go off or anything like that.
But if we go to app.js,
all you have to do is
say import StrictMode from React.
And then you just wrap your
entire app in StrictMode.
The first question
someone's gonna ask me is,
do I wanna ship StrictMode to production?
The answer is if you build vehicles
production StrictMode does
literally nothing.
So it strips out all of the code,
it's like, well, this is still there.
Yeah, you'll waste four bytes, maybe.
That's probably more than that.
Eight bytes.
If that, so it's totally fine.
You can ship this
StrictMode to production,
it just does nothing in production.
It's always changing what it does.
So with React 18,
they're gonna put additional checks.
One of the things that they're talking
about doing is double rendering your app.
So it'll render your app twice and
see if it's doing anything inconsistent.
Because in theory your app should be
the same every single time, right?
I tried it, it's fairly annoying
because it makes two API requests
which frequently you don't wanna do.
But it's not settled, they haven't decided
they're gonna ship the, yeah, questions?
>> Just in dev mode though, right?
>> Yes, correct.
>> So it's like doing quick snapshot tests
basically over and over and over again?
>> Correct.
>> Wow.
>> But it's doing stuff like that to kind
of help you make sure that you're writing
your app in such a way that's gonna be
compatible with everything that's coming
in the future.
The nice thing about StrictMode
being a component is let's say
you have like a legacy part of your
app and a new part of your app,.
You can just wrap the new
part in StrictMode and
you can leave the legacy part out of it,
all right?
So, that's why they made it a component so
you can actually just check
specific parts of your application.
>> Interesting I noticed I
forgot to import StrictMode,
and it was smart enough to
do it automatically for me.
We're in the future?
>> We live in the future,
thank you, VS code, and
all the PMs that used to work on it.
That's a joke, that was me.
I did that.
>> [LAUGH]